Response header docs added (#51)
tailcallhq/tailcallhq.github.io: docs/guides/operators.md

It's crucial to set an appropriate response timeout, especially in production environments. This not only optimizes resource utilization but also acts as a security measure against potential denial-of-service attacks where adversaries might run complex queries to exhaust server resources.
:::

### responseHeaders

> The `responseHeaders` directive allows you to specify additional HTTP response headers that should be included when responding to GraphQL resquest.In this expample it set to include a response header with the key `"a"` and the value `"a \n b`, where `\n` denotes a newline character seperating `"a \n b"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `responseHeaders` directive allows you to specify additional HTTP response headers that should be included when responding to GraphQL resquest. In this example it set to include a response header with the key `"a"` and the value `"b`.
```

```graphql showLineNumbers

> schema @upstream(responseHeaders: [{key: "a", value:"a \n b"}])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
schema @server(responseHeaders: [{key: "a", value:"a \n b"}])
```
